Gives the ability to run all tests in the sycl/test and fix some bugs found while running theses tests. (#94)
triSYCL/sycl: sycl/test/CMakeLists.txt

  )
set_target_properties(check-sycl-xocc-j4 PROPERTIES FOLDER "SYCL tests")

> add_lit_testsuite(check-sycl-xocc-all-jmax "Running the SYCL regression tests for sycl on XOCC"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
add_lit_testsuite(check-sycl-xocc-all-jmax "Running the SYCL regression tests for SYCL with v++"
```

  ${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}
  ARGS ${RT_TEST_ARGS}
  PARAMS "XOCC=all"
  DEPENDS ${SYCL_TEST_DEPS}
  EXCLUDE_FROM_CHECK_ALL
  )
set_target_properties(check-sycl-xocc-all-jmax PROPERTIES FOLDER "SYCL tests")

> add_lit_testsuite(check-sycl-xocc-all-j4 "Running the SYCL regression tests for sycl on XOCC in j4"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
add_lit_testsuite(check-sycl-xocc-all-j4 "Running the SYCL regression tests for SYCL with v++ in -j4"
```
